Does Chen Xunan really not want to see me?
OK
It's freezing!
Are you a pig when you go out without reading the weather forecast?
You are finally here.
You listen to me.
There is something wrong with the overseas project you invested in
You must take my word for it.
Get the money back now
Otherwise, there will be big problems with the company.
Are you even listening to me?
It's so cold
You don't wear much clothes when you go out
I'm in a hurry to go out
You must take precautions early
Do you hear me?
You are such a pig
What's going on here?
I'm a little dizzy
Going out without looking at the weather forecast
Wear so hot
Stupid as a pig
handsome guy
Date you
You are Mu Zhizhi
It's me.
Damn erhu, can you see it clearly?
It was Chen Xunan who accidentally moved to Wuxi.
You are not Mu Zhizhi
This detail coincides with the peak period for the cat to initiate
What to do? What to do?
Ah!
It's not that I don't want it.